This script builds OpenSSL 1.0.1g for iOS.


WARNING Although I am still maintaining this project, I do not actually recommend using
WARNING OpenSSL. If all you need is basic cryptographic primitives then I *highly* recommend
WARNING to use the iOS provided APIs in for example CommonCrypto. That code is highly
WARNING optimized better maintained and updated more easily since it is OS provided.


Precompiled binaries and headers are also included and can be used directly in
your project.

It builds multi-architecture libaries with support for armv7, armv7s (iPhone 5),
arm64 (iPhone 5S, iPad Air and iPad Mini Retina) and also for 32 and 64-bit
Intel targets for running in the simulator.

This script is known to work with the following combination of software versions:

 * MacOS X 10.9.2
 * XCode 5.1.1 & iOS SDK 7.1

The compiled libraries should be downward compatible to iOS 4.3 at least.

Important: Support for ARMv6 has been removed because Xcode does not support
that architecture anymore since version 4.5. This means that these libraries cannot
be used on the iPhone 3G or older. File an issue if that is a really big deal for
you and I will try to work around that Xcode limitation.

Building is done by invoking the build.sh script:

 ./build.sh

It will take about 5 minutes on a modern Mac. The result of the build can be found at:

 lib/ - will contain libssl.a and libcrypto.a
 include/ - will contain all OpenSSL headers

If you just want cryptographic functions then you can skip libssl.a and just add
libcrypto.a to your project.

Making your code find the OpenSSL headers works best if the path to the include director is
added to the 'Header Search Paths' in your target settings.

The Example directory contains a little sample app. It calculates a SHA1 digest using
the OpenSSL API.

IMPORTANT

I included pre-compiled binaries of the openssl libraries in this project mostly for my
own convenience. But you should really not trust me and do two things:

 1) Verify that the openssl-1.0.1g.tar.gz file is authentic by comparing it's SHA1
    hash to the one found on http://www.openssl.org/source/ You can do this with
    the 'openssl sha1 openssl-1.0.1g.tar.gz' command.
 2) Compile your own version of the library as explained above

Enjoy :-)

